README.md, before:

# js-workers

[![pipeline status](https://gitlab.com/MatrixAI/open-source/js-workers/badges/master/pipeline.svg)](https://gitlab.com/MatrixAI/open-source/js-workers/commits/master)

Workers is the common library for multi-threading in MatrixAI's JavaScript/TypeScript applications. It uses the WebWorker API. Later for Mobile OSes, there are multiple potential solutions here using NativeScript or React Native.

Beware that when transferring buffers between the main thread and worker threads, make sure to follow this architecture.

```
┌───────────────────────┐
│      Main Thread      │
│                       │
│     ┌───────────┐     │
│     │Node Buffer│     │
│     └─────┬─────┘     │          ┌────────────────────────┐
│           │           │          │                        │
│     Slice │ Copy      │          │      Worker Thread     │
│           │           │          │                        │
│  ┌────────▼────────┐  │ Transfer │  ┌──────────────────┐  │
│  │Input ArrayBuffer├──┼──────────┼──►                  │  │
│  └─────────────────┘  │          │  └─────────┬────────┘  │
│                       │          │            │           │
│                       │          │    Compute │           │
│                       │          │            │           │
│  ┌─────────────────┐  │          │  ┌─────────▼────────┐  │
│  │                 ◄──┼──────────┼──┤Output ArrayBuffer│  │
│  └─────────────────┘  │ Transfer │  └──────────────────┘  │
│                       │          │                        │
│                       │          │                        │
└───────────────────────┘          └────────────────────────┘
```

## Installation

```sh
npm install --save @matrixai/workers
```

## Development

Run `nix-shell`, and once you're inside, you can use:

```sh
# install (or reinstall packages from package.json)
npm install
# build the dist
npm run build
# run the repl (this allows you to import from ./src)
npm run ts-node
# run the tests
npm run test
# lint the source code
npm run lint
# automatically fix the source
npm run lintfix
```

### Docs Generation

```sh
npm run docs
```

See the docs at: https://matrixai.github.io/js-workers/

### Publishing

```sh
# npm login
npm version patch # major/minor/patch
npm run build
npm publish --access public
git push
git push --tags
```

Commit message:

Added benchmarks for slice copy and transferring ArrayBuffer, and updated README.md

README.md, after:

# js-workers

[![pipeline status](https://gitlab.com/MatrixAI/open-source/js-workers/badges/master/pipeline.svg)](https://gitlab.com/MatrixAI/open-source/js-workers/commits/master)

Workers is the library for multi-threading in MatrixAI's JavaScript/TypeScript applications. It is based on top of threads.js.

Currently no support for Mobile OSes.

Note that only `ArrayBuffer` can be zero-copy transferred to the worker threads. This means if you are wroking with Node `Buffer` you must first slice and copy the `ArrayBuffer` out of the Node `Buffer`.

```ts
const b = Buffer.from('hello world');
const ab = b.buffer.slice(b.byteOffset, b.byteOffset + b.byteLength);
```

The following diagram is an example architecture of using `ArrayBuffer`:

```
┌───────────────────────┐
│      Main Thread      │
│                       │
│     ┌───────────┐     │
│     │Node Buffer│     │
│     └─────┬─────┘     │          ┌────────────────────────┐
│           │           │          │                        │
│     Slice │ Copy      │          │      Worker Thread     │
│           │           │          │                        │
│  ┌────────▼────────┐  │ Transfer │  ┌──────────────────┐  │
│  │Input ArrayBuffer├──┼──────────┼──►                  │  │
│  └─────────────────┘  │          │  └─────────┬────────┘  │
│                       │          │            │           │
│                       │          │    Compute │           │
│                       │          │            │           │
│  ┌─────────────────┐  │          │  ┌─────────▼────────┐  │
│  │                 ◄──┼──────────┼──┤Output ArrayBuffer│  │
│  └─────────────────┘  │ Transfer │  └──────────────────┘  │
│                       │          │                        │
│                       │          │                        │
└───────────────────────┘          └────────────────────────┘
```

See the benchmarks and tests for examples of using this library.

## Installation

```sh
npm install --save @matrixai/workers
```

## Development

Run `nix-shell`, and once you're inside, you can use:

```sh
# install (or reinstall packages from package.json)
npm install
# build the dist
npm run build
# run the repl (this allows you to import from ./src)
npm run ts-node
# run the tests
npm run test
# lint the source code
npm run lint
# automatically fix the source
npm run lintfix
```

## Benchmarks

```sh
npm run bench
```

View benchmarks here: https://github.com/MatrixAI/js-workers/blob/master/benches/results/WorkerManager.chart.html with https://raw.githack.com/

### Docs Generation

```sh
npm run docs
```

See the docs at: https://matrixai.github.io/js-workers/

### Publishing

```sh
# npm login
npm version patch # major/minor/patch
npm run build
npm publish --access public
git push
git push --tags
```
